Add missing HTML descriptions (#237)
OpenTermsArchive/opentermsarchive.org: content/pages/en/domain/privacy.mdx

---
title: Impact on personal data protection

> html_description: Open Terms Archive impact on personal data protection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
html_description: Leverage a database of terms of service changes to identify privacy practices and compliance to personal data protection frameworks such as GDPR, CCPA or LGPD
```
